Problem 1
Create a program that simulates Fistc Come First Serve Disk Scheduling Algotrithm with total head movement calculation.

Problem 2
Create a program that simulates Shortest Seek Time First Disk Scheduling Algotrithm with total head movement calculation.

Problem 3
Create a program that simulates SCAN Disk Scheduling Algotrithm with total head movement calculation.

Problem 4
Create a program that simulates C-SCAN Disk Scheduling Algotrithm with total head movement calculation.

Problem 5
Create a program that implements the binary search algorithm in an array.

Problem 6
Write a program that implements the probability search algorithm in an array.

Problem 7
Write a program that implements the sentinel search algorithm in an array.

Problem 8
Write a Java program to insert an element (specific position) into an array.

Problem 9
Design a Java program that merges two arrays removing duplicate entries.

Problem 10
Write a Java program that counts the number of vowels and consonants in an input string.

Problem 11
Write a Java program that inputs a string. It will also ask the user to input a character and then prints the input string replacing the occurence of the input character with an asterisk

Sample Output:
Enter a string: The Notebook
Enter a character: t
New String: *he No*ebook

Problem 12
Write a Java program that counts the number of numerical digits in an input string.

Problem 13
Write a Java program that counts the number of spaces in an input string as well as their indices.

Problem 14
Create a program that inputs a string of alphabets. Find out the number of occurrence of all alphabets in that string. Find out the alphabet with maximum occurrence.

Problem 15
Write a program to check if a given string is a Palindrome.

Problem 16
Create a program that accepts 5 strings then sort them alphabetically ascending order.

Problem 17
Write a program to check whether two given strings are anagrams of each other or not. An anagram of a string is another string that contains the same characters, only the order of characters can be different.

